IMPORTANT NOTE

LONGITUDINAL ANALYSES MUST BE REAPEATED BECAUSE THERE WAS A MISTAKE IN ASSIGNING INDECES TO ONE PARTICIPANT DUE TO A MISTAKE IN MATCHING PARTICIPANT NUMBER BETWEEN TEST AND RETEST

-- Sophie and Priya rested participant 99, who was 37 when first tested (M) and NOT participant 89, who was 48 when first tested (F). 

TO DO
Check whether we need to replace the indeces (prediction and recognition)
— CHECKED
The file “long_data_final.csv”, which was used in the longitudinal analyses, was NOT affected by this mistake. The indices contained in this file were already the correct ones (i.e., those for participant 99).

Make sure the correct age at first test was entered and therefore the correct %linguistic age was calculated!
— CHECKED
The correct age at first test (37 months) was already used in the file “long_data_final.csv”.


NOTE
The files that were instead affected by a mistake were “Experiment4_retest_withindeces.xlsx” and “all_test1_indeces.csv”, where by mistake the column retest marked 89 as Y and 99 as N. This mistake has now been corrected in both files. Some analyses in the file longitudinal.R were affected by this mistake, as was the plot that showed the age and voc distributions at test 1 vs. test 2, as these analyses used the incorrect “retest” column.

IMPORTANT NOTE 2
On 06/06/19, while checking the mediation analyses, I noted that there was a mistake in Younger.sav (this was based on "SophiePriya_data_final.sav", which contains the same mistake). The mistake arose because the indeces for Participant 3 were assigned to both Participant 3 and Participant 4. This meant that the indeces for Participant 4, who was one of the younger participants, were actually wrong. All other files, including “Experiment4_retest_withindeces.xlsx” and “all_test1_indeces.csv” have the correct indeces for Participant 4 and should be used instead.
This means that the mediation analyses conducted in SPSS are not correct. Unfortunately, I cannot reproduce these analyses and compare across correct and incorrect data file because Process v2 is no longer available and Process v3 is only documented in the new version of Hayes book which is not avaialble from the library. But I was able to get a very similar result using the package mediate in R.
